Forget it, forget it!
Even a person with the same amount of money dares to destroy him with a gun!
That is, to die for words,
I heard that our tomb family is more injured than you!
I really thought it would be endless and you would have to go to the tomb house all night long!
I heard, tomorrow Yu Sheng will be a member of the group!
Nothing will happen easily. Come on, don't worry.
He Xuan is the leader of the group!
If something happens, there won't be any explosion!
As long as there is a 10 billion group of people from the Trial Group!
From now on, I will visit my tomb every year,
You may not be able to remember, but when the time comes,
I want to see a shellfish!
Cheng Wen is stupid and realized later.
Okay, today and tomorrow I will give you a set of sentences
Based on the relationship between our karma and social gatherings
Coupled with the trust of the Longtian team
Tomorrow's cooperation is definitely a good trust
Well, thank you, Ye Zizuo
Meng Wanning Anwan
Now you have lost your position as general manager
Wait until you lose everything and Lord Lu falls in love
I wonder if you are still willing to have problems with that Fei Chu?
Wan Ning wants to marry you
And you lost your place in the Tomb Family Walking Street
I won't go
Wan Ning, don’t worry
I will definitely help you get what belongs to you
By the way, I am currently occupying the position established by the tomb family.
I want to be honest and take my personal belongings
You go back alone
I'll send you there
No more, I'll give it to someone else
Okay, let me know the situation
Let him cancel the design of civilian equipment to relatives of nuclear scientists